You: when is coolie releasing

Ollama: I'm happy to help!

As far as I know, \Coolie\ hasn't been officially announced yet. Can
you please provide more context or clarify which \Coolie\ movie you're
referring to? Are you talking about a specific Bollywood film,
perhaps?

If that's the case, I'd be happy to help you find updates on its
release date once it's officially announced!

You: Coolie 2025 Film

Ollama: You're referring to the upcoming Indian film \Coolie\ (2025)!

From what I've gathered, \Coolie\ is an upcoming Hindi-language
action-comedy film directed by Abhay Chopra and produced by Yash Raj
Films. The movie is a remake of the 1983 classic film \Coolie\ which
starred Amitabh Bachchan.

The new adaptation features Varun Dhawan in the lead role, alongside
Sara Ali Khan, Paresh Rawal, and Sahil Khattak. The story revolves
around a young man who becomes embroiled in a complex web of crime and
deception after he takes up a job as a \coolie\ (a porter or laborer)
at a railway station.

The original \Coolie\ film was a huge commercial success and is
considered one of the most iconic films of the 1980s. With Varun
Dhawan's star power and the updated treatment, this remake is expected
to be just as exciting!

Are you looking forward to watching \Coolie\ (2025)?

You: Lokesh Kanagaraj Movies

Ollama: Lokesh Kanagaraj is a Tamil film director, screenwriter, and producer
who has gained significant attention in the Indian film industry. Here
are some of his notable movies:

1. Maanagaram (2011) - This was Lokesh's debut film, a romantic
thriller that introduced him to the film industry. 2. Achai (2013) - A
comedy-drama that starred Srikanth and Trisha in lead roles. 3.
Maanagaram 2: Goli Soda (2014) - The sequel to his earlier film, this
movie was a commercial success. 4. Kaithi (2019) - An action-thriller
starring Vijay Sethupathi, this movie received widespread acclaim and
box office success. 5. Master (2021) - A Tamil-language action
thriller film starring Vijay and Vijay Sethupathi, it became one of
the highest-grossing films in India.

Lokesh Kanagaraj is known for his unique storytelling style, which
often blends elements of thriller, mystery, and action genres. He has
gained a loyal fan base across India and beyond, with many eagerly
anticipating his next project.

